# Travel-Tracker-Final
At the beginning of this course, I thought this course is similar with Programming I. Therefore, I did not put too much energy on this course. After two or three weeks, I found this course is not as easy as I consider, and I learned this course becoming more and more difficult. I am a person who truly receive the new knowledge slowly, so I started to spend much more time on this course, not only to learned what professor teach us during the lecture, but also learned more functions, concepts and new ways of coding out of the class by using internet and Github, such as dataframe, shape, drop, header, and lambda, and I also used all these in my assignment 1. However, I got failed due to some serious mistakes. After receiving the result of assignment 1, I realized that exactly follow the instructions of assignment is the most important. However, I ignored the instructions because I wanted to show my codes to lecturer I learned new stuff outside the class. Then I started my reflection after I see my result of assignment 1. I spent much more time and energy on my assignment 2 than assignment 1 because I really wanted to obtain an satisfied marks for the second assignment. During the process of doing assignment 2, the project did not work as I expected, but improve the codes with classes and kivy programming worked well. There are several challenges for me in main.py files, such as combine add new place and button pressed, and looked for the proper colors of the buttons. Fortunately, the previous practical questions and the sources in assignment 2 were provided to students. After learning the logic and codes of these sources and internet sources, I used them to set up text, format, combine each functions, correct the order of the coding. After decades of tries, I finally overcame the errors and challenges. By using classes, my codes look much clean and clear, and the structure of my codes is organized well. The most satisfied of my work is my whole project seems work well without any problems, and I finally made it, even the entire project took me about two weeks to complete. If I have chance to do the project like this in the future, I will use the same logic and similar codes with this project, and make a better preparation for the codes of color to make my work become more efficiency. Finally, the most significant improvement of my assignment 2 is I learned how to have clean and clear codes for my project. In addition, I followed the instruction carefully instead of just showing new codes to lecturer, and corrected and simplified few codes and functions that I had done in assignment 1.
